This series is crafted for the purpose of entertainment.
All characters, behaviours, settings, and events depicted in this drama are entirely fictitious.
They are not designed to allude to any particular entity, occupation, or group of people.
Viewer discretion is advised.
[North Star Entertainment]
[7HD Channel]
[IQIYI]
♫ I’m just someone, who isn’t that perfect ♫
♫ But for you, I’m willing to give it all ♫
♫ Whether you’d love me, or care about me or not ♫
♫ That’s for you to decide, but as for me I’m… ♫
♫ (Will be right here) not going anywhere ♫
♫ (Hold my hand) stay by my side ♫
♫ Just turn around and you’ll see ♫
♫ You’ll always have me by your side ♫
♫ In this marriage that our love will last forever♫
♫ I promise I’ll give you all my heart♫
♫ Remember when I said…♫
♫ That I’ll take great care of you♫
♫ I promise those words will always stay true♫
[The Earth]
[Previously]
[Rose]: Who are you trying to fool with this fancy gift?
[Din]: I’m not trying to fool anyone. I genuinely did it for you.
[Moddang]: You obviously can’t hide your jealousy whenever you see Miss Din with Miss Kaew.
I’ll be back soon.
Good girl, my baby.
[Lom]: She’s definitely jealous. Do you wanna prove it?
What should I do?
You’re going to Chiang Mai tomorrow with Miss Kaew?
Yes.
I’ll go to Chiang Mai with you.
[Lom]: You should use Gun to make Rose jealous.
I can’t believe Din is already married.
I’m afraid Din and I are now married.
I’m here to see you, Dad.
Dad.
It was only muscle spasms…
resulting from a side effect on his medication.
I’m afraid it is not a sign of recovery.
Please excuse me.
I’m still waiting for you, Dad.
Please drink some milk, Miss.
You haven’t eaten anything since afternoon.
I’m not hungry. Please leave me alone.
Yes, Miss.
She didn’t drink it?
No, Miss. She hasn’t eaten anything since she got back.
Can you please go talk to her? Maybe she’d listen to you.
Even you can’t get her to eat anything.
I don’t think she'll listen to me.
But you’re her wife, Miss.
I think you’re the person she needs the most right now.
[Door knocking]
Moddang, I told you I'm not hungry.
It’s me, Rose.
Please eat something.
I’m not hungry.
Please take it away. I don’t want to eat anything right now.
I know you’re worried about Uncle Thip.
But you should worry about yourself too.
I’m not hungry.
[Glass shattering]
It’s all right. Let me do it.
I’m sorry, Rose.
I’m sorry I bothered you.
I’m sorry.
Miss Din, what happened?
It’s late, Miss. Please go to sleep.
I’ll go to sleep at the office tonight.
I don’t want to make Rose feel uncomfortable.
Please look after her for me.
Moddang.
I’m sorry I lashed out on you yesterday.
It’s all right, Miss. I understand.
Miss Din already told me about Mr. Thipakorn.
Where’s Din?
She slept at the office last night.
She said she didn’t want to make you feel uncomfortable.
Can you come with me after breakfast?
I’ll go see Din and apologise to her about last night.
Aww, that’s my girl, Miss.
Be as sweet and gentle as you can when you say sorry to her.
I’m sure she’ll forgive you right away.
What number should I buy this time?
Really?
Yes, Miss.
What if I have no luck again?
Moddang. Let’s go.
Wait, Miss! I thought you came to apologise to her.
Didn’t you see they were busy talking?
You’re getting jealous again.
How could I not? They were looking so cozy and intimate there.
I know. But being jealous is another thing.
Last night you were wrong.
It’s not good to stay on bad terms for too long.
I know I’m the one who’s wrong. That’s why I came to apologise.
But seeing her with Miss Kaew like that really ticked me off.
Didn’t you see how she was looking at Din?
Definitely more than friends.
Miss!
That brat had a falling-out with Rose and had to sleep in the office?
Thanks.
Why are you in such a good mood?
My spy just told me Rose and that brat are having a row, Dad.
You have a spy on that farm? How come I never knew that.
Well, we all have secrets, Dad.
What about the delivery at Chomchan farm tonight? Is everything ready?
All taken care of. You can be sure the coast is clear.
Not even a fly will get in our way.
Be prepared to get rich, Dad.
Half an hour before the delivery tonight, tell our men to go for it.
Yes, sir.
Please go and make up with her, Miss.
So that she can finally come home. It’s quite late now.
She can come back whenever she wants. No one’s stopping her.
Who’d dare? You look so scary when you’re quiet, Miss.
Oh.
At least, you should give her a call and say sorry.
I know. But why should I? She hasn’t given me any call either.
[Incoming call]
It’s Miss Din calling.
Whatever, I don’t care.
Yes, Miss Din?
How’s Rose?
Is she still upset?
I’ll sleep here tonight then
Make sure you lock all the doors and windows.
Yes, Miss.
Miss Din said she’ll sleep there tonight.
Poor her, Miss.
It must be uncomfortable sleeping there.
Didn’t she want to be with Miss Kaew?
I’ll let her sleep there for another night then.
If you keep playing hard to get, be careful it might be too late, Miss.
No way!
Kla! Fire! The office is on fire!
[Worker]: Hurry up! Quick! Put it out!
Miss Din! Someone go and help her!
Din.
[Door knocking]
Miss! We have a probl
There’s a fire at the office. The workers said Miss Din is still stuck there.
But…
Wait, Miss! Miss Rose!
[Moddang]: Miss! Wait for me! Miss Rose!
[Moddang]: Miss Rose!
- Din! Din! / - [Moddang]: Miss Rose!
You can’t go in! Be careful, Miss!
Please eat something. I know you’re worried about Uncle Thip.
But you should worry about yourself too.
I’m so sorry. I’m sorry I bothered you.
Let me go!
[Worker]: Hurry up! Get more water! Quick!
Worker]: Get more water! Quick!
Din!
I’m sorry.
I’m so sorry.
Din…I’m so sorry.
I’m sorry I got you into this. I’m so sorry.
Thank God you’re still alive.
Thank God you’re still here with me.
Please take care of the damage costs for me.
Yes, Miss.
Thank you.
Go check if any parts are damaged by the fire and put them outside. Separate those that are still intact.
How are you feeling? Better?
To think that I might have lost you,
I could barely breathe.
I’ve got the devil’s luck. I won’t leave you alone so easily.
Please say no more. Just listen to me.
All this time, I care about you a lot and feel very possessive of you.
It’s not an act at all.
I genuinely feel that way.
And now, I’ve finally realised...
that I…I…I…
[Kla]: Miss Din, the police would like to talk to you.
Rose, please go home first.
I have a lot to take care of tonight. I’m sorry.
[Police]: Do you have a surveillance camera?
I’m afraid not.
I'm sorry I didn't tell you earlier that Miss Din was safe.
You ran so fast I couldn’t keep up at all.
It’s okay. I should actually thank you for rushing to tell me what happened.
Miss Din is probably so happy to know that you care a lot about her.
From now on, I’ll stop pretending…and I’ll only listen to my own heart.
[Din]: There’s no CCTV here.
- [Police]: Not even one?
- No.
[Police]: The culprit isn’t caught on any cameras.
Thanks a lot.
The culprit probably knew all angles of the CCTV cameras on your farm.
Got his face hidden completely.
What I find odd is that the police said the culprit intentionally ran away to Chomchan farm.
Fences near the river were destroyed. They also found traces of trespassing.
Or maybe, their real intention was…
to smuggle their goods via Chomchan farm.
So, they diverted attention to my farm instead.
I don’t think they actually planned to take your life.
It was just to create a commotion.
Hearing that, I’m now sure who’s behind this.
Do any of your workers know you slept at the office last night?
Are you saying there’s a mole on my farm
[Wasu’s underling]: That woman is still in one piece.
What did you say?
She’s safe?
What a lucky bastard.
Your father said we should lay low for a while.
The police are looking into the cause of the fire last night.
They’ve already found the route on Chomchan farm that we used to smuggle the girls to the other side.
Luckily, we got one big lot delivered last night.
Let’s lay low for a while then.
Wait for a signal from our mole.
Yes, sir.
Din.
What did the police say?
Is it an accident or arson?
Let’s not talk about something so serious right now. I’m starving.
No. Don’t try to change the subject.
Please tell me the truth. Don’t hide it.
The police suspect it’s arson.
They’re tracking down the culprit.
I’m sorry I got you into trouble.
It’s not your fault at all.
That’s it. Let’s talk about something more uplifting.
Why don’t we…
pick up where we left off…last night?
Yes?
You said you care a lot about me. I, too,
care about you and feel possessive of you.
You also said you’ve finally realised something.
What is it then?
Well, I…
I…
I’m listening.
I…I…
L…Li…
[Fai]: Din!
Geez, Sis!
Are you all right?
I flew all the way here the minute Lom told me what happened.
I’m going to stay here to protect you and fight those assholes for you.
I’ll let you guys catch up then. I’d better go get the food ready.
Hey, Sis.
What’s with that face?
Aren’t you happy to see me?
It’s good you two are here. I have something important to tell you.
I like Rose.
Why so quiet? Don’t tell me you disapprove.
I’m just shocked.
What a surprise!
Yeah, I’m surprised too. You almost gave me a heart attack.
So, you knew?
Looking from Surat Thani, I could even tell you like Boss Rose.
You guys are so smooth acting like lovers. No doubt you’re into her.
As for Nam, no need to ask if she knows. That one is a genius.
So, does Rose know?
No, I haven’t told her yet.
Hmm, but you’re telling your sisters instead?
How would she know how you feel?
Do you want me to tell her for you?
Wait! Don’t!
Sit down. Just sit down first.
I also want to ask you guys…
how I should tell her.
I don’t want her to misunderstand me, like that time when I proposed to her.
That’s easy. Just tell her how you feel.
I’m not good with words.
Then don’t say it. Tell her with your actions.
Huh? How?
Just walk to her, and hold her like this.
Then kiss her.
Wait. Stop it. Lom!
You, jerk!
What are you guys doing?
If anything…
ever happens tonight,
let’s just say…
it’s because I’m drunk.
Hey!
Geez! What?
You’ve done it, haven’t you? Your face gave you away.
Really?
- What?
- How many times?
Nonsense! I’ve never done it.
Three? Or four?
What are you talking about? No. I’ve never done it, I swear.
Come on, tell us a bit.
I shouldn’t have asked you guys!
- Go get her! The culprit is running away.
- You got it, Officer.
Get back here, Sis!
That’s an amazing job, Miss. You’re getting much better at it.
Thank you.
I’m done preparing the room for Miss Lom and Miss Fai.
Thank you so much, Moddang. You’re such a great help.
Having you here really helps me lighten the load.
I’m also good at cooking.
Are you perhaps interested to have me as your daughter-in-law?
The audacity you have.
Please don’t mind me, Miss.
Er…I think I’ll go get more vegetables.
I’ll leave it to you then, Miss.
Yes.
Is there anything I could help, Miss?
It’s all right. Go take a break.
I’ll stay here to support you emotionally then.
I wonder who this is for.
[Kaew]: Miss Din.
Are you all right? Are you hurt anywhere?
My dad just told me what happened. I’m so sorry, Miss.
You’re not hurt anywhere, are you?
Hold on, Kaew. Please calm down.
Why did you apologise? I’m fine.
Are you sure?
Absolutely.
Isn’t Miss Kaew a little overly worried about Miss Din?
Even a wife like you isn’t that worried, Miss.
Do you know who did it?
Did they catch the culprit?
Well, from all the evidence and what Lom and the police told me,
I’m quite sure it’s Wasu and his men.
[Fai] What if Rose sees them?
Din is so reckless.
Oh!
Wait, Miss Rose. Miss!
She’s so doomed.
[Fai]: Sis! Come here.
Come here.
You guys come here.
No, you come here!
What the heck?
So oblivious. Don’t you know you’re digging your own grave?
What?
What were you doing with Miss Kaew earlier? Why holding hands and all that?
Geez, it’s not what you think at all.
Kaew came to check on me because she heard about the fire.
Besides, Kaew and I are just friends.
Mhm. There. You’d better go explain that to Rose.
She also saw it like we did.
Really?
Yes!
You’ll get dumped for sure.
I guess you’re losing even before starting it.
Hold on! Lom! Fai!
Lom!
[Door knocking]
Rose, it’s me.
Can you please open the door?
[Door knocking]
Rose. About what you saw earlier, I can explain. It’s…
Miss Rose wanted me to tell you that you can have dinner without her.
Even the maid is this fierce, I can’t imagine how scary the boss would be.
Wow, this rice is so good.
Yeah, yummy, isn’t it?
What brand is it?
Lom, buy me a sack.
Ask Din then.
Sis, I want to take some of this home.
Sis.
Huh?
Eat something. The vegetables are really good.
She’s only sulking. Nothing serious.
I…I really don’t know how to apologise to her.
Just ask her to forgive you.
Fai, you and her are close. Can you go talk to her for me?
Neh. The one who tied the knot is supposed to untie it. I can’t help you with that.
Yeah, I agree.
Lom, you’re an expert in this. Give me some advice.
There are many ways to win a girl back.
If she’s only sulking, just buy her flowers or something she likes.
Then tell her how you feel. Be honest with her. Ask her nicely to forgive you.
But if she’s really mad at you, you might have to make it a little extravaganza.
It depends on how mad she is.
[This is for my one and…only love.]
Does she think just a rose will make me forgive her?
Are you still mad at me?
If you stay silent, I’ll take it as a no.
I…
I’ve liked you for a long time.
Do you…still remember our promise?
I feel bad that I’m not strong enough to carry you.
Even though you’re not as big as Wasu,
but you’re the kindest and warmest person in the world.
One day, I’ll become strong enough to protect you. I promise.
You promised.
Now, I’m ready to take care of you for the rest of my life.
Please be my wife for real.
Din.
What are you saying?
I just want you to know…
that all this time everything I’ve done for you is not an act.
It’s not an act for me either.
I like you.
Does this mean you agree to be my wife for real?
Not yet.
Why?
Then, how about a girlfriend?
Are you asking your wife to be your girlfriend?
Will you say yes then?
If you promise to be nice and won't make me cry,
maybe this fake wife will agree to be your wife for real in the future.
[Door knocking]
Fai, breakfast’s ready.
Wow, are we in the Himmapan Forest?
What? It’s nice.
Sure, really nice.
Sit down and eat.
Is there a rose hidden in here?
You might find a few there.
That’s scary.
Yum!
Good grief,
why is the food so sweet today?
Too bad Lom had to hurry out to work. How I wish she could’ve tasted it too.
I don’t think it’s that sweet. Pretty normal though.
I guess Aunt Chan might’ve accidentally dropped some sugar in there today.
Or maybe not Aunt Chan.
Boss Rose.
From now on, if Din ever does anything to upset you
just let me know. I’ll take care of it for you.
You got it, my dear sis.
What? Are you two ganging up on me now?
Sure thing.
Geez.
Just eat up.
But it’s sweet!
Not at all. Right?
Yes.
Yum Yum.
- Moddang.
- Yes?
Tell Aunt Chan there’s no need to serve us desserts.
We already have something much sweeter here.
I think so too, Miss.
Jealous, aren’t you?
Have some lime then.
Have it yourself. You should counteract sweetness with sour.
Want one?
No, thanks.
No, don’t!
Please take care of yourself. I’m worried about you.
Yes. I’m off to work then.
Don’t worry, I’ll take care of Boss Rose for you.
Please don’t worry, Miss Rose.
I’ll make sure to keep her safe.
Thank you but I'd rather not bother you.
I’m heading out then.
Wait. Did you forget something?
Yes?
Good luck.
Could it get any better?
See you.
Bye.
You miss her, don’t you?
It’s okay, Boss. If you miss her, you can just be honest.
Why make it difficult?
It’s normal to be head over heels for someone you love.
Well, Din and I are only starting to like each other.
It’s too soon to call it love.
Why? No one’s ever said when we should start calling it love.
Love is love, that’s all.
It could happen in just a day. If it is, then it is.
But if it’s not, even though you might have known each other for 10 years, then it’s not.
You seem to be quite experienced when it comes to love.
Not at all. Love, for me, is something nonsense.
And I was wondering why you refused to have dinner with the client after the meeting.
Now I know it’s because you wanted to hurry back to pick some roses here.
I want to give them to Rose.
So that she can feel like she was at her own home.
Miss Rose is so lucky to have someone so caring like you by her side.
I want to take care of her as best as I can.
When Mr. Kasidit passed away, didn’t you say you weren’t interested in love…
because it’d make your life complicated?
Maybe it’s because of Rose.
She’s made me realise what it truly means to live your life for someone.
That I’m not alone in this world, and deserve to be happy again.
Ouch!
You got pricked?
I was being clumsy, Miss.
Does it hurt?
I’m fine, Miss. It’s nothing.
You should apply some ointment on it, to prevent it from getting infected.
I’m fine, Miss. It doesn’t hurt at all.
Still, make sure you fix it when we get back.
Yes.
Let’s go then.
Get out! Move!
Please let us go! We don’t want to do it anymore.
We want to go home!
Shut up!
Walk!
Hands off!
Bitch! Go get her.
Stop!
My informant told me…
they’re planning to smuggle these girls to our neighbouring country to be surrogate mothers.
Once the babies are born, they'll kill the babies for organ trafficking.
Yes, Lom? I was about to call you.
The police found two bodies of migrant workers today.
We suspect they were the arsonists.
They intentionally dumped those bodies to insult us police.
They’re probably thinking they’re holding the upper hand. That we can’t do anything to them.
But Fah and I just got more evidence.
They’re planning to smuggle the girls across the border to our neighbouring country.
We’d better hurry and take action before they’d do something much more terrible.
Don’t worry. Just take care of yourself.
Leave the rest to me.
[Police car’s siren]
Split up, comb the place.
Yes, sir!
Please make way.
Split up and comb the place!
This way.
Follow me. Please make way.
Open the door, Capt. Please get in.
Miss Rose! Miss! I’ve got big news!
What is it, Moddang?
The police just raided Nubanun farm.
I heard it’s because Mr. Wasupol and his son…
are involved in human trafficking.
They’ve been brought to the police station for interrogation.
[Journalist]: Mr. Wasupol! Mr. Wasupol!
[Officer]: Out of the way! Move!
He won’t be giving any interviews. Please move out of the way.
[Journalist]: Please say something, Mr. Wasupol!
[Officer]: Sorry. We have nothing to share right now.
Keep stirring up the topic. Start releasing information we’ve obtained one by one.
Make sure people are highly attentive to this news.
Okay, sure.
That bastard and her nosy cousin are definitely behind this.
That’s why the police and journalists are swarming us like monkeys.
[Incoming call]
Yes?
Cancelled?
Our clients from that side want to cancel all of their orders.
They probably saw the news.
FUCK!
Can I fucking kill her now?
I won’t stop you this time.
Do whatever you want.
Do you really have to attend this seminar?
I don’t want you to go.
Yes, I’m the guest speaker. Many entrepreneurs from the northern region will also attend.
They came all the way to listen to my lecture especially. I have to be there.
But I’m worried about you.
The police are keeping an eye on Wasupol and his gang.
I don’t think they’d dare to do anything now. I’ll be back soon.
Yes.
Din, please take care of yourself.
The lipstick stain.
That’s cute. I’m heading out then.
Yes. Have a safe trip.
Thank you.
Hello, Miss Rose.
Hello, Miss Kaew.
Lieutenant.
We’ve detected some movements on Nubanun farm.
Our informant said that Wasupol’s henchman has contacted the hitman.
What? Hitman?
Keep an eye on them. If anything, report me immediately.
Yes.
She went into the city to attend the seminar. She’s probably giving her lecture and couldn’t pick up your call.
Mr. Wasupol has hired a hitman? What do I have to do?
Okay, I’ll call you back once I can get a hold of her.
Is everything all right?
Fai, can you take me to see Din?
Thank you very much, Miss Kasama, for kindly joining us as a speaker today.
I’m sure many small entrepreneurs have learnt a lot from your lecture today.
My pleasure indeed. I hope my knowledge and experience from Saen Rak farm will be useful for everyone.
Well then, please excuse me.
Can you please wait?
I’d like to give you something. Please think of it as a thank you gift from us.
Sure.
Just a moment please.
Do you want to go home after this?
Yes, I’d better do that. I don’t want to leave Rose and Fai there alone.
Wasupol has sent one of his men to disguise as a worker on our farm.
There’s a mole among us?
Do you suspect anyone?
I’m afraid no. Do you have someone you suspect?
I’ll help keep an eye on that person.
You go get the car then.
I’ll wait for the gift from Mr. Pramote, and I’ll wait for you at the front.
Yes, Miss.
Here you go, Miss Kasama.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
So many missed calls.
Rose, I saw your missed call, did you need anything?
Nothing. See you then.
Din!
Rose!
Din, look out!
Din! Din!
Help! Call the ambulance! Somebody please help!
Rose…
Din, please don’t leave me.
- Rose…
- Din!
Don’t leave me.
Rose.
I love you, Din. I love you. Do you hear me?
♫Have you ever loved me?♫
♫Please let me know♫
♫If those hugs you gave me meant anything at all♫
♫I don’t want to imagine it alone. Do you also feel the same?♫
♫Forget about that promise and tell me honestly♫
♫If you’ve ever loved me at all♫
[Next Episode]
[Kaew]: How are you, Miss?
I came straight here after Dad told me what happened.
Weren’t you also with Din yesterday?
How come you just knew she got shot?
I’m here to check on you.
And also to report you about what you’ve asked me to look into.
But…
[Din]: We’ve got a mole who keeps reporting to Wasu on our farm.
I fear that if this information leaks out…
Don’t worry, I’ll be careful.
[Din]: Do you still recall the incident on that night?
[Rose]: It wasn’t an accident, was it?
[Kaew]: Miss Din is going to Chiang Mai tomorrow. We should hurry and go ahead with the plan.
♫All the ups and downs we’ve been through together♫
♫Those things made my heart begin to flutter♫
♫Everytime when you look at me♫
♫Do you know it makes me imagine things…so much ahead of myself?♫
♫Always having you right by my side like that♫
♫Do you also feel the same?♫
♫I’m just curious and want to know♫
♫Have you ever loved me?♫
♫Please let me know♫
♫If those hugs you gave me meant anything at all♫
♫I don’t want to imagine it alone. Do you also feel the same?♫
♫Forget about that promise and tell me honestly♫
[The Earth]
♫If you’ve ever loved me at all♫